DON'T SAY A WORD.
FERGULOUS.
SHAWN,
I SAID NO WORDS.
OH, I SEE
HOW IT WORKS.
TWO WEEKS AGO, WE'RE PLAYING
SCRABBLE, IT'S NOT A WORD.
NOW SUDDENLY IT IS A WORD
BECAUSE IT'S CONVENIENT FOR YOU.
OH, BUDDY.
DUDE, YOU'VE GOT SOME PEAT MOSS
JAMMED BEHIND YOUR EAR.
IT COULD BE INFESTED
WITH MITES.
MITES?
I LOST A $200 SHOE.
YOUR DAD ALMOST GOT
HIS SKULL FRACTURED.
YOU'RE THE ONE
WHO GOT US INTO THIS.
AND ABSOLUTELY NOTHING
HAPPENED TO YOU.
WOULD YOU TWO STOP IT?
I'VE BEEN ON THE OTHER SIDE
OF THIS TABLE A THOUSAND TIMES.
YOU TELL THEM
ONLY WHAT THEY NEED TO KNOW.
WHAT DO WE SAY
ABOUT UNCLE JACK?
HE'S NOT HERE,
IS HE, SHAWN?
WHY DON'T WE TAKE CARE
OF OURSELVES?
WE DIDN'T DO ANYTHING WRONG.
WE DIDN'T BREAK ANY LAWS.
OH, NO.
OH, NO, WHAT--
WHAT'D YOU DO, SHAWN?
NOTHING.
IT'S JUST THAT LAWS
KEEP CHANGING.
IT'S GETTING VERY CHALLENGING
TO KEEP UP WITH THEM ALL.
DID YOU KNOW,
FOR INSTANCE,
THAT IT IS NOW ILLEGAL
TO GIVE A PERM TO POSSUM? WHA--
SHAWN, DID YOU
OR DID YOU NOT BREAK ANY LAWS?
WE IMPERSONATED PRIESTS.
WHA--
WHAT?
WE WERE PROFESSORS.
WE WERE PRIESTS, SHAWN.
[door opens]
(Vick)
YOU GENTLEMEN HAVE A LOT
OF EXPLAINING TO DO.
AND YOU CAN BET YOUR ASS
I'M GONNA GET
TO THE BOTTOM OF THIS.
DON'T I GET A PHONE CALL
OR SO'NDTHING?
FINE. HOW ABOUT A TEXT MESSAGE?
I'LL BE QUICK.
I JUST NEED TO RESPOND,
"OMG, LOL."
HERE'S A QUESTION.
HOW DO YOU MAKE
THE FACE THAT'S WINKING
WITH THE TONGUE
COMING OUT ONE SIDE?
(Vick)
MR. SPENCER, NOW,
BY MY ESTIMATION,
YOU MAY BE IN
SOME SERIOUS TROUBLE HERE.
SO I AM ONLY GOING
TO ASK YOU THIS ONCE.
WHERE'S THE GOLD?
IT'S NOT QUITE
AS SIMPLE AS THAT.
RIGHT, IF WE WERE TO REALLY
ANSWER THAT QUESTION,
WE'D HAVE TO GO BACK
QUITE A WHILE.
HOW LONG?
ABOUT 20 YEARS.
AS THE RAIN THUNDERED DOWN
FROM THE DARK NIGHT SKY
AND 30-FOOT WAVES
CRASHED OVER HIS SHIP,
THE GREAT PIRATE BOUCHARD
STOOD ON HIS BOW...
POINTED...
AT THE CALIFORNIA COAST,
AND YELLED,
[French accent]
"WE SHALL TAKE THIS LAND
AS OURS, MEN!"
[cheering]
YOUR DAD'S AWESOME.
SEE, KIDS...
I KNOW.
I'M SO GLAD
MY DAD DIDN'T COME.
I MEAN,
I DON'T EVEN KNOW
WHAT A MANAGER OF DEBT
CONSOLIDATION DOES, ANYWAYS.
EXCEPT DRINK.
RUMOR HAS IT THAT
BOUCHARD WAS OBSESSED
WITH SEARCHING
FOR SPANISH GOLD.
THEY ALSO SAY
HE MAY HAVE HAD SYPHILIS
AND WENT CRAZY
SEARCHING FOR SOMETHING
THAT NEVER EXISTED.
BUT I SAY...
THE GOLD DID EXIST!
[kids gasping]
OKAY, MY DAD
HAS TO GO NOW.
THANKS, DAD.
SEE YOU LATER. BYE.
WH--WH--WHAT THE HECK'S
GOING ON HERE?
OFFICER, WE'RE JUST
IN THE MIDDLE OF A CLASS.
IS THERE A PROBLEM
WITH SOMETHING?
(Henry)
YES, THERE IS A PROBLEM.
THAT'S NOT SHAWN'S DAD,
'CAUSE I'M
SHAWN SPENCER'S FATHER.
YOU'RE NOT SHAWN'S DAD?
UH, WELL, UH, YOU KNOW
[chuckles] TECHNICALLY.
UH, TECHNICALLY,
THAT IS MY BROTHER JACK,
WHO TECHNICALLY DIDN'T TELL ME
HE WAS COMING TO TOWN
AND OBVIOUSLY COOKED UP
THIS RUSE WITH SHAWN
TO FOOL HIS NEW TEACHER.
WHAT WERE YOU THINKING?
I DON'T KNOW.
I JUST THOUGHT IT'D BE COOLER
IF UNCLE JACK SPOKE.
LOOK, CLASS, I'M SORRY
TO BREAK THIS TO YOU, BUT...
HE'S NOT A REAL
TREASURE HUNTER, AND THIS...
IS NOT REAL GOLD.
(class)
AWW...
KIDS, MY BIG BROTHER HENRY
IS ABSOLUTELY RIGHT.
THIS IS NOT REAL GOLD.
BUT IT IS REAL CHOCOLATE!
[cheering]
[laughter]
(Lassiter)
WHAT DOES THIS HAVE TO DO
WITH THE GOLD?
RELAX, LASSIDOPHILUS,
WE'RE GETTING THERE.
LAST NIGHT...
WHAT CAN I SAY?
THE MOVIE DIDN'T MAKE ANY SENSE.
OF COURSE IT DIDN'T MAKE
ANY SENSE TO YOU.
YOU CAME IN 20 MINUTES LATE,
FELL ASLEEP FOR AN HOUR,
THEN WOKE UP
AND ASKED ME WHAT HAPPENED.
YOU ALWAYS DO THIS.
WHAT CAN I SAY?
THE MOVIE THEATER'S
TOO DAMN DARK.
IT MAKES ME SLEEPY.
SO BASICALLY I PAID $10
FOR YOU TO TAKE A NAP.
BASICALLY, I PAID--
DAD, SOMEONE'S
IN THE HOUSE.
OH, MY GOD.
LET'S CALL THE COPS.
WE SHOULD CALL THE COPS.
YOU KEEP A STUN GUN
IN THE BIRDHOUSE?
WHAT'S UNDER
THE GARDEN GNOME, AN M-80?
YOU WANT ME TO POKE YOU
IN THE EYES ON THE ROOF?
WE'RE CALLING
THE COPS, RIGHT?
[sighs]
WHY AREN'T WE CALLING
THE COPS?
DAD, WAIT.
STOP!
UNCLE JACK!
I KNEW IT WAS YOU
AS SOON AS I SAW THE PENNY.
HA HA HA! THE KID!
SHAWN, MY BOY.
HEY. AND BY THE WAY,
THAT'S A '59 PENNY.
IT'S THE FIRST YEAR THEY USED
THE LINCOLN MEMORIAL ON IT.
I WANT YOU TO KEEP IT.
THANKS, MAN.
AAAH!
JACK?
DUDE. A HOSE, REALLY?
WHAT WERE YOU GONNA DO,
GIVE HIM A HIGH COLONIC?
SHUT UP, SHAWN.
NO, NO, NO, NO.
I GET IT.
YOU BUST IN HERE,
YOU BLIND HIM WITH WATER,
AND THEN YOU MAKE
YOUR MOVE, BABY.
COME HERE, YOU!
OH, BOY.
IT SEEMS LIKE ONLY YESTERDAY
I WAS BRINGING YOU KIDS
TO THE TRACK,
AND WE WERE BETTING
THE PONIES.
I WAS THE ONLY 8-YEAR-OLD KID
WHO KNEW WHAT A TRIFECT A MEANT.
YEAH.
UNCLE JACK,
I HAVEN'T HEARD FROM YOU
SINCE YOU SENT THAT E-MAIL
FROM PRINCE ALBERT'S BOAT
IN THE MALDIVES.
YEAH, WELL, I HAD TO SIGN
A CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT
THERE, GUYS.
CAN'T REALLY TALK ABOUT IT.
OOH! BY THE WAY,
I GOT PRESENTS FOR EVERYBODY.
HEY, HEY, HEY!
I GOT THESE WHEN I WAS
EXCAVATING NEAR MACHU PICCHU.
WHOA.
DUG THEM UP MYSELF.
[both growling]
(Henry)
IT'S BEEN THREE YEARS, JACK.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE
BESIDES BREAKING INTO
MY HOUSE?
BREAKING IN.
YOU GAVE ME A KEY, HENRY.
I DIDN'T GIVE YOU A KEY.
I DON'T GIVE ANYONE KEYS,
NOT EVEN SHAWN.
(Shawn)
OH, THAT'S NOT TRUE.
I ACTUALLY MADE A COPY
A WHILE BACK.
IT WAS WHEN I WAS HOOKED
ON WOW WOW WUBBZY ON NOGGIN.
I DIDN'T HAVE CABLE.
OH, I ALSO STOLE YOUR
TOILET PAPER
FOR ABOUT A YEAR,
AND A HUGE BOX OF SPORKS.
OH...
I GUESS YOU ARE WONDERING
WHY I CAME BACK.
I WANT YOU TO HELP ME FIND
BOUCHARD'S TREASURE.
(Henry)
COME ON.
NOT THAT AGAIN, JACK.
I HATE TO BREAK IT TO YOU,
LITTLE BROTHER,
BUT BOUCHARD'S TREASURE
DOES NOT, HAS NOT,
AND WILL NOT EVER EXIST.
IT'S A PIPE DREAM.
DON'T LISTEN TO HIM, UNCLE JACK.
HE'S A DREAM KILLER.
AH, I UNDERSTAND
HIS FRUSTRATION.
ALL THOSE YEARS SPENT
LISTENING TO ME DRONE ON
ABOUT THE WHOLE
"TREASURE" THING
WITHOUT EVEN A SEMBLANCE
OF PROOF.
I GET IT.
ONE THING
CONFUSES ME, THOUGH.
IF IT IS JUST A FIGMENT
OF MY IMAGINATION...
WHERE'D I GET THIS?
[The Friendly Indians'
I Know You Know]
* I KNOW YOU KNOW
* THAT I'M NOT TELLING
THE TRUTH *
* I KNOW YOU KNOW
* THEY JUST DON'T HAVE
ANY PROOF *
* EMBRACE THE DECEPTION
* LEARN HOW TO BEND
* YOUR WORST INHIBITIONS
* TEND TO PSYCH YOU OUT
IN THE END *
* I KNOW YOU KNOW *
WHY DO I FEEL
LIKE HE CAN SEE US?
NO, IT'S IMPOSSIBLE.
HE CAN'T SEE OR HEAR A THING.
THAT'S JUST WEIRD.
SO, WHAT, WE'RE JUST
GONNA LET THIS GUY
LISTEN IN ON EVERYTHING?
(Vick)
IT'S OUT OF OUR HANDS,
DETECTIVE.
NOW JUST GET IN THERE
AND GET TO THE BOTTOM OF THIS.
YOU GOT IT.
WHEN ARE WE GONNA FIND OUT
THE DEAL WITH SUIT GUY IN THERE?
LET'S JUST GET
BACK TO THE STORY.
I CAN'T BELIEVE YOUR UNCLE JACK
ACTUALLY HAD A TREASURE MAP.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU ACTUALLY PRETENDED
YOUR UNCLE WAS YOUR DAD.
I WANTED GUS' DAD
TO DO IT,
BUT THERE WAS A GENEALOGY ISSUE
I JUST COULDN'T RESOLVE.
WHAT ELSE CAN YOU TELL US
ABOUT THE BOUCHARD GUY?
WE COULD ONLY REMEMBER
BITS AND PIECES
OF THE BOUCHARD MYTH,
BUT JACK
FILLED US IN ON THE REST.
(Jack)
NOVEMBER, 1818.
BOUCHARD SAILED UP AND DOWN
THE CALIFORNIA COAST,
SEARCHING DESPERATELY
FOR THE MYTHICAL SPANISH GOLD.
HE RAVAGED AND LOOTED
THE MISSION IN MONTEREY,
WAS REPELLED
AT SAN JUAN CAPISTRANO,
AND FINALLY MADE LAND HERE,
AT SANTA BARBARA,
WHERE HE DID BATTLE
WITH A SMALL SPANISH GARRISON
AND THE CHUMASH INDIANS.
YEAH, I REMEMBER READING
ABOUT THAT.
THEY SAY HE MADE OFF
WITH MILLIONS
IN SPANISH GOLD COINS,
BUT HIS BOAT SUNK OFF THE COAST
NORTH OF HERE.
HE DISAPPEARED, AND YEARS LATER
HE SHOWED UP IN ARGENTINA.
SUPERIOR RETENTION
OF HISTORIC DETAIL, GUS.
BOUCHARD WAS ALSO FOND
OF HIDING CLUES
TO THE TREASURE'S WHEREABOUTS
IN THE MAP.
AND I STUMBLED UPON THIS ONE
WHILE RESEARCHING HIM
IN ARGENTINA.
(Henry)
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
FIRST YOU SAY YOU'RE
IN MACHU PICCHU IN PERU,
AND ALL OF A SUDDEN,
NOW YOU'RE IN ARGENTINA.
SO WHICH ONE IS IT?
DAD, HE'S NOT A SUSPECT.
[Henry Chuckles]
HE'S SUSPECT,
ALL RIGHT.
FORGET HIM.
FORGET HIM, OKAY?
MY BIG BROTHER'S ALWAYS BEEN
JUST A LITTLE CYNICAL.
AND THAT'S WHAT I LOVE
ABOUT HIM.
YOU STILL HAVEN'T ANSWERED
MY QUESTION.
WHAT ABOUT IT, BOYS?
WANT TO BE
TREASURE HUNTERS?
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
THAT'S LIKE ASKING ME
IF I WANT MY OWN JET PACK
OR IF I'VE EVER WANTED
TO BE A KOALA BEAR.
OKAY, I THINK HE MEANS,
YES, YOU CAN COUNT HIM IN.
AND ME TOO.
[laughs]
SUPERB. MM.
YOU KNOW,
I'VE BEEN, UH, READING A LOT
ABOUT THAT DETECTIVE STUFF
YOU DO,
AND IT SEEMS TO ME
THAT HAVING A PSYCHIC
MIGHT BE A REAL ASSET.
WHO KNEW I HAD ONE
IN MY OWN FAMILY?
WELL, UNCLE JACK, I...
I DON'T KNOW.
I'M NOT REALLY--
I WOULDN'T NECESSARILY
SAY PSYCHIC.
OH, HEY, HEY, HEY.
STOP THAT RIGHT NOW.
DON'T YOU DO THAT
TO YOURSELF, YOUNG MAN.
DO NOT SELL YOURSELF SHORT.
DO NOT FEEL EMBARRASSED
JUST 'CAUSE
YOU'RE A LITTLE DIFFERENT.
DIDN'T I ALWAYS TELL YOU
YOU'D BE GREAT? DIDN'T I?
YEAH, YOU DID.
OKAY, NOW, HERE'S THE PLAN.
EVERYTHING WE FIND,
WE SPLIT 50/50.
THAT'S AFTER WE DONATE
MOST OF IT TO A MUSEUM, RIGHT?
WE ARE SO
GONNA DO THAT, GUS.
RIGHT.
YOU AND I--
WE'RE REALLY, UP HERE,
IN SYNCH.
OKAY, SO THE FIRST THING
WE NEED TO DO IS...
GET MATCHING FEDORAS?
"GET MATCHING FEDORAS?"
YOU'RE THE ONE WHO WANTED
THE FEDORAS, NOT ME.
STOP CHANGING THE STORY.
MY MISTAKE.
HE WANTED THE YELLOW GAUCHOS.
I SAID NO TO THAT.
WOULD YOU PLEASE PUT ME IN A
SEPARATE ROOM FROM THESE IDIOTS?
I WILL TELL YOU EVERYTHING.
JUST CONTINUE.
(Shawn)
JACK HAD TOLD US TO MEET HIM
AT THE FRONT STEPS
OF THE MISSION,
BECAUSE THAT WAS THE FIRST STEP
ON THE MAP.
GUS AND I COULD BARELY CONTAIN
OUR EXCITEMENT.
[thump]
I CONTAINED MINE
A LITTLE BETTER.
OKAY, JUST FOLLOW
MY LEAD.
SAY YES
TO EVERYTHING.
OH, WELCOME, WELCOME--
I'M KAREN RAVEN,
HEAD OF THE SANTA BARBARA
HISTORICAL SOCIETY.
WE ARE DELIGHTED TO HAVE
SUCH A DISTINGUISHED PROFESSOR
AS YOURSELF VISITING US.
(Jack)
AH, GRACIAS, GRACIAS.
[mumbling in faux Spanish]
[Spanish accent]
I AM ABNER ESPINOZA,
AND TH ESE
ARE MY COMPATRIOTS,
ERNESTO AGAPITO
GARCES CON Y A DE ABELAR
AND JUAN PRIESTLY.
OH, NOW I SEE WHERE YOU GOT
THE PRIEST THING.
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
NOTHING.
WELL, WELCOME.
PLEASE, COME THIS WAY.
NOW, AS YOU KNOW,
MOST OF OUR PRIZED
COLLECTION PIECES ARE KEPT
AWAY FROM THE PUBLIC,
BUT, WELL,
WE'RE HAPPY
TO OPEN OUR DOORS
FOR VISITING DIGNITARIES
SUCH AS YOURSELVES.
(both)
YES.
OKAY, THEN.
UM, TAKE AS MUCH TIME
AS YOU NEED.
AND, UH, BILL HERE
WILL BE WAITING
JUST OUTSIDE.
ALL RIGHT, BOYS,
WE GOT ABOUT 10 MINUTES
BEFORE THE REAL ESPINOZA
SHOWS UP.
THERE'S A REAL ESPINOZA?
WELL, TECHNICALLY SPEAKING,
WE USED TO BE PARTNERS.
HE'S A GREAT GUY,
BUT WE HAD A LITTLE FALLING OUT
WHEN I HAD A SMALL DALLIANCE
WITH HIS WIFE...
AND HIS SISTER...
AND HIS HOUSEKEEPER DEBBIE.
UNCLE JACK,
WHAT'S REALLY GOING ON HERE?
MY RESEARCH HAS TOLD ME
THERE ARE CLUES
ABOUT THE TREASURE'S WHEREABOUTS
HIDDEN SOMEWHERE IN THIS ROOM.
AND IT ALL HAS TO DO
WITH THE NUMBER 152.
WHY DON'T
WE JUST USE THE MAP?
WELL, TECHNICALLY,
THERE'S, UH...
SOMETHING
I HAVEN'T TOLD YOU
ABOUT THE WHOLE MAP.
UNCLE JACK, THIS IS A PRETTY
BIG THING TO LEAVE OUT.
YEAH, I KNOW, I KNOW, I KNOW.
IT'S A LONG STORY--
A ONE-LEGGED WOMAN,
BOTTLE OF CUTTY SARK.
THE POINT IS THAT
THE MISSING PART OF THE MAP
IS THE FIRST STEP
OF THE HUNT.
NOW, COME ON, KID,
USE THAT PSYCHIC GIFT YOU GOT.
COME ON.
OH, BOY.
I-I-I'M SEEING LETTERS
SWARMING.
TH EY'RE--
THEY'RE ZINGING.
TH EY'RE--TH EY'RE--
THEY'RE FORMING--
THEY'RE FORMING WORDS.
THEY'RE FORMING WORDS--
"COULEUR."
C-COULEUR.
COULEUR.
WHAT IS THAT?
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
COULEUR.
FRENCH, COLOR...
PAINT!
PAINTING!
THAT'S IT. COME ON, LET'S GO.
HURRY UP, MORE.
THERE'S PAINTINGS
OVER THERE.
WHOA, WHOA, WAIT.
GO BACK. GO BACK.
HELLO, BOUCHARD.
LET ME SEE THE MAP.
WHERE DID YOU HIDE
THAT CLUE,
YOU OLD SYPHILITIC SEA DOG?
I KNOW
WHERE THE MAP STARTS.
AND I KNOW
WHERE THE FIRST CLUE IS.
WAIT. THE MAP
WAS ACTUALLY REAL?
OH, YEAH.
WE COULDN'T BELIEVE IT.
THE LIGHTHOUSE
WAS THE FIRST CLUE.
WHAT HAPPENED FROM THERE?
WE DIDN'T MAKE IT
TO THE SECOND CLUE.
WHY NOT?
BECAUSE WE WEREN'T
THE ONLY ONES
WHO FOUND THE LIGHTHOUSE.
[gunshots]
[whispering in Spanish]
ALL RIGHT, SPENCER,
TELL THE CHIEF
WHAT YOU JUST TOLD US.
OKAY, CHIEF, HERE IT GOES.
WE'RE SO HUNGRY.
I CAN'T GET
THE BURRITO PLACE
ON COTA STREET
OUT OF MY MIND.
THEY'RE OPEN LATE.
GUS, CHILDREN'S BURRITO,
NO SAUCE.
DAD, I KNOW YOU'RE A FAN
OF THE CARNE ASADA.
ALL RIGHT, MR. SPENCER,
LET ME BE FRANK.
AS LONG AS I CAN BE DEAN
AND GUS CAN BE SAMMY.
WHY DO I HAVE
TO BE SAMMY?
FINE. HE'S SAMMY.
THAT MAKES YOU JOEY BISHOP.
IS THAT WHAT YOU REALLY WANT?
YOU WANT TO BE JOEY BISHOP?
SHAWN.
I'M SORRY, JULES.
HOW OFTEN DOES SOMEONE SET YOU
UP WITH "LET ME BE FRANK"?
SHAWN!
DON'T FORGET THAT YOU ARE
IN A LOT OF TROUBLE HERE.
AND I AM PROBABLY
THE ONLY PERSON
IN THIS ROOM WHO CARES
TO SEE YOU GET OUT OF IT.
NOW, IT'S 2:30 IN THE MORNING.
WE'VE BEEN HERE FOR HOURS.
ENOUGH WITH THE JOKES,
STOP DELAYING,
AND TELL US
WHAT WE WANT TO HEAR!
MY GOD.
THAT WAS SO HOT.
SPENCER, TELL THE CHIEF
WHAT YOU TOLD US ABOUT THE GUYS
WHO CHASED YOU AWAY FROM
THE LIGHTHOUSE WITH THE GUNS.
(Gus)
NOT JUST CHASING US,
THEY FOUND US...
HIDING IN A CABIN.
WHO WERE THEY?
(Henry)
JACK'S PARTNERS.
'CAUSE THE ONE THING
THAT YOU COULD COUNT ON
WITH MY BROTHER JACKIE,
HE ALWAYS HAD PARTNERS.
JACK, WHAT THE HELL
ARE YOU DOING?
MARK, CALM DOWN, WILL YA?
IT'S ALL PART
OF THE PLAN.
WAIT A SECOND.
YOU GUYS KNOW EACH OTHER?
OH, YEAH.
WE WERE PARTNERS.
I THOUGHT
OH, TECHNICALLY,
YOU'RE ALL MY PARTNERS.
WELL, I DON'T KNOW WHERE YOU
GUYS WENT TO PARTNER COLLEGE,
BUT I'M PRETTY SURE
YOU'RE NOT SUPPOSED TO SHOOT
AT YOUR PARTNERS.
(Mark)
YEAH? SHOULD PARTNERS
DO THIS?
MAYBE WE SHOULDN'T USE
THE WORD "PARTNERS" ANYMORE.
IT SEEMS
TO MAKE HIM MAD.
MM. MM, MARK.
[spits]
KITTEN, LISTEN.
THIS IS
MY NEPHEW SHAWN, OKAY?
HE'S PSYCHIC,
FOR REAL.
WORKS WITH THE COPS SOMETIMES,
FULLY LEGITIMATE--FULLY.
I ONLY BROUGHT HIM AROUND
TO HELP WITH THE HUNT.
AND I WAS JUST GONNA PAY HIM
A SMALL FINDER'S FEE, THAT'S IT.
FINDER'S FEE?
IS THAT LIKE 50%?
NOT EVEN CLOSE.
NO. NOT BUYING IT.
YOU WERE GONNA
SELL US OUT.
WHOA! PSYCHIC THINGS
ARE HAPPENING TO ME!
OH! RUNNING
DOWN MY LEGS.
OH! OH!
WELCOME, WELCOME.
I'M KAREN RAVEN,
HEAD OF THE SANTA BARBARA
HISTORICAL SOCIETY.
YOU...
DON'T WORRY
ABOUT THE PREGNANCY.
YOUR GIRLFRIEND'S
GONNA BE JUST FINE.
[exhales sharply]
HMM, HMM, HMM?
WHAT DID I TELL YOU?
NOW, WHY DON'T YOU
JUST LET US GO?
WE'LL ALL
FIND THE TREASURE.
WE'LL BE STINKING,
FILTHY RICH,
AND LIVE FABULOUS LIVES.
NO.
GIVE US THE MAP.
WE DON'T HAVE THE MAP.
REALLY?
THAT'S TOO BAD.
OKAY, IT'S
IN THE BACKPACK.
THAN KS.
[both whispering angrily]
IT'S IN--IT'S IN
THE SIDE POUCH. SSH!
HEY, GUS,
SHOULD WE TELL MARK
THAT THERE'S A TEAR IN THE MAP?
SON OF A BITCH, JACK!
(Lassiter)
HOLD IT.
SO YOU JUST GAVE THEM THE MAP
AND TOLD THEM EVERYTHING?
NO, NOT EVERYTHING.
OKAY, EVERYTHING.
SO THE FOUND
THE TREASURE?
NOT EXACTLY.
(Shawn)
OKAY, I MAY HAVE
PSYCHICALLY LED THEM
DOWN THE WRONG PATH.
THE SPIRIT WORLD IS JUST ONE
OF LIFE'S LITTLE MYSTERIES,
LIKE WHY THE OXYGEN NETWORK
AIRS GOODFELLAS,
OR WHY FOOLS FALL IN LOVE.
OW!
OH, HERE YOU GO,
MR. GUSTER.
THIS IS ALL THEY HAD
IN LOST-AND-FOUND IN YOUR SIZE.
AN UGG BOOT?
I CAN'T WEAR AN UGG BOOT WITH--
IT'LL BE DOPE
WITH MY ONE PUMA.
NOW, MR. SPENCER.
YES.
OH, I MEANT THE OLDER--
SORRY, NOT OLD,
LESS...
HAN DSOME.
LESS HAIR?
LESS FRIENDS
ON FACEBOOK?
LESS NOSE.
OH!
HENRY.
DID YOU FILL OUT A BURGLARY
REPORT ON YOUR HOUSE YESTERDAY?
I DID.
BUT NOTHING WAS TAKEN.
OH. AND YET WHY DO I FEEL
THIS SOMEHOW PLAYS
INTO THIS WHOLE MESS,
DOESN'T IT?
I WAS THE ONE
WHO PICKED THEM UP.
(Lassiter)
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
HOW DID YOUR DAD KNOW
WHERE TO FIND YOU
IF THAT MARK GUY TOOK
ALL YOUR CELL PHONES?
THAT IS
A GOOD QUESTION.
I HAVE TO PEE.
NO. NO WAY, SHAWN.
WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO DO?
HOLD IT LIKE A MAN.
I'LL GET
A URINARY TRACT INFECTION.
LIKE A MAN.
YOU KNOW WHAT? YOU CAN LINK
YOUR LEGS UNDERNEATH YOUR CHAIRS
AND FORM A WHEEL
AND ROLL TO THE BATHROOM.
I DON'T EVEN WANT TO PROJECT
HOW THAT'S GONNA HAPPEN.
I'M NOT ROLLING
ANYWHERE.
I DON'T KNOW WHY I LISTEN
TO EITHER ONE OF YOU.
NO ONE IS GONNA FIND US.
WE'RE PROBABLY
GONNA DIE OUT HERE.
GUS?
WHAT?
WHAT IS THAT
ON YOUR LEG?
NOTHING.
DUDE, YOU ARE STRAPPED
WITH ANOTHER CELL PHONE?
JUST CALL HENRY.
COME ON.
NO, NO, WE'RE NOT
CALLING ANYONE.
THAT IS MY WORK PHONE,
FOR WORK.
THIS IS WORK.
MY BOSS IS WATCHING
EVERYTHING I DO, SHAWN.
PLUS, YOU ALREADY USED UP
HALF MY MINUTES
WAITING ON HOLD
FOR CONCERT TICKETS.
THAT WAS TONY! TONI! TONE! AND
WET WET WET PLAYING TOGETHER.
YOU KNOW I CAN'T RESIST THAT.
THE SYMMETRY ALONE--
ALL RIGHT, GUS,
THIS IS OUR ONLY CHOICE, MAN.
[scoffs]
FINE.
SHAWN, REACH DOWN
AND GET IT.
ME? I'M NOT GONNA
REACH DOWN AND--YOU GET IT.
WITH WHAT HAND?
FINE.
I'LL DO IT.
HOLD STILL.
[both grunting]
AH!
STOP IT.
YOU'RE WOBBLING!
HOLD ON, NOW.
AAH!
[grunts]
HEY.
STOP FLEXING.
OW!
OH.
[grunts]
AH.
[beeps, ringing]
[muffled]
WHA--
No, WAIT, IT'S RINGING.
[man on phone]
FU'S PALACE.
WANT TO PLACE ORDER?
YOU MUST HAVE DIALED
THE WRONG NUMBER.
HI. WE'RE STUCK OUT IN A CABIN
ON TUNNEL ROAD.
CAN YOU SEND HELP?
FOR PICKUP OR DELIVERY?
THIS IS JACK SPENCER,
AND I'M WILLING TO OFFER YOU
A 50/ 50 SPLIT
ON PIRATE TREASURE.
HANG UP, SHAWN.
HOLD ON.
WHILE HE'S ON THE LINE,
YOU GUYS WANT ANYTHING?
WILL YOU DIAL IT AGAIN?
AND THIS TIME TRY TO DIAL
THE RIGHT NUMBER.
LOOK, MAN, I'M DIALING
WITH A 10-YEAR-OLD ERASERMATE
IN MY MOUTH.
IT'S NOT
AN EXACT SCIENCE.
[cell phone dialing]
[ringing]
[Henry on phone]
YOU'VE REACHED HENRY SPENCER.
LEAVE YOUR NAME AND NUMBER.
BUT SPEAK SLOWLY,
BECAUSE PEOPLE TALK
TOO FAST ON THESE THINGS,
AND I CAN NEVER UNDERSTAND IT.
HEY, DAD,
WHAT'S GOING ON?
UH, I GOT GOOD NEWS--
GREAT NEWS--
THE ELECTRIC WRENCH
YOU'VE BEEN WANTING
IS IN STOCK
AT HOME DEPOT.
UH, WHAT ELSE?
THERE WAS SOMETHING ELSE.
OH, I KNOW.
IF YOU'RE NOT TOO BUSY,
GUS, JACK, AND I
ARE TIED UP IN A CABIN
ABOUT 100 YARDS OFF
TUNNEL ROAD,
RIGHT BY WHERE WE HAD
THE PULLED PORK SANDWICHES
THAT ONE TIME.
SHAWN.
(Lassiter)
SPENCER, ARE YOU GONNA ANSWER
MY QUESTION OR NOT?
HOW DID YOUR DAD KNOW
WHERE TO FIND YOU?
WITH SOME PEOPLE,
I CAN COMMUNICATE
THROUGH PSYCHIC WAVELENGTHS.
MY FATHER IS ONE OF THEM.
VAL KILMER IS ANOTHER.
(Juliet)
HERE'S SOMETHING
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
JACK'S PARTNER
WANTED THE MAP, RIGHT?
SO WHY WOULD THEY TRASH
YOUR DAD'S HOUSE?
THEY KNOW JACK WOULDN'T LET
THE MAP OUT OF HIS SIGHT.
MARK AND HIS MEN,
THEY WEREN'T LOOKING FOR A MAP.
SO WHAT WERE
THEY LOOKING FOR?
YOU KNOW
YOU'RE MY BOY, SHAWN.
WHY'D YOU HAVE TO GO
AND GIVE MARK THE MAP?
BECAUSE I DON'T NEED IT.
UNCLE JACK, TRUST ME.
I CAN RE-CREATE THE MAP
PSYCHICALLY IN MY HEAD.
HEY, HEY, HEY!
SPARE ME, KID, OKAY?
YOU CAN'T SNOW
THE SNOWMAN.
WE WERE SO CLOSE.
(man)
STOP!
WHOA!
I FEEL JITTERY!
IT STARTS WITH BEANS.
GUS LIKES IT IN THE MORNING.
NOW HE HAS GAS.
SOMETHING HAVING TO DO
WITH COFFEE?
YES! COFFEE!
COFFEE, COFFEE,
COFFEE, COFFEE TABLE!
COFFEE TABLE.
MARK AND HIS GOONS WEREN'T
LOOKING FOR THE MAP, WERE THEY?
NO, NO. THEY WERE LOOKING
FOR SOMETHING ELSE.
A DIFFERENT PIECE
OF THE PUZZLE.
SOMETHING YOU DIDN'T WANT
CONNECTED TO THE MAP AT ALL.
[gasps, exhales deeply]
[chuckles]
THAT IS DOWNRIGHT SCARY!
MAYBE YOU REALLY DO HAVE
A GIFT, KID.
MY BAD
FOR DOUBTING IT.
NOW, THIS KEY
IS ALSO FROM BOUCHARD'S STUFF
I FOUND IN ARGENTINA.
IT WAS USELESS
WITHOUT THAT MAP,
BUT IF SHAWN CAN ACTUALLY
RE-CREATE THAT MAP,
THAT PLUS THIS KEY
MEANS WE ARE BACK ON TRACK!
OW!
WHOA!
GUYS, I GOT TO HIT
THE HEAD.
BUT WHEN I COME BACK,
WE ARE FINDING US A TREASURE!
[exhales deeply]
HOPE HE BOUGHT THAT.
WITH JACK,
YOU NEVER KNOW.
YEAH. YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
BUT IF THAT KEY IS REAL--
(Henry)
SHAWN, COME ON,
TAKE A LOOK AROUND.
HAVEN'T YOU HAD ENOUGH?
THESE GUYS,
THEY DESTROYED MY LIVING ROOM.
MARK AND HIS GOONS
AREN'T GONNA STOP.
WE GOT TO GET
BACK OUT THERE, DAD.
NO!
NO, SHAWN! NO!
JUST COME WITH US.
COME WITH US.
WHY DO YOU NEED ME?
IT'S NOT THAT WE NEED YOU.
WE WANT YOU.
PLUS, WE NEED YOU.
WE NEED YOUR TRUCK
BECAUSE MY CAR IS STILL
AT THE LIGHTHOUSE,
AND MARK HAS THE KEY.
THERE YOU GO.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
SORRY.
COUNT ME OUT.
SHOCKER.
HEH, HEH, HEH.
OKAY, GUYS, READY?
GOOD.
ALL WE GOT TO DO NOW
IS BORROW A CAR.
NOW, TECHNICALLY,
THE TERM IS HOT-WIRING.
HOWEVER...
I'M IN, BUT I DRIVE.
I'M THE ONE WHO DECIDES
IF AND WHEN
WE GO TO THE POLICE.
I DON'T WANT ANY MORE SURPRISES.
DO YOU UNDERSTAND?
YES, DAD!
BIG BRO, I KNEW
YOU'D COME AROUND.
[chuckles]
OKAY, PSYCHIC...
WHAT'S THE NEXT STEP?
[sniffing]
[gasping]
(Henry and Gus)
SHAWN!
THE KEY
WILL GUIDE US NOW.
[laughs]
I LOVE THIS.
50/50 SPLIT
BETWEEN ME AND YOU GUYS!
[engine turns over]
(Henry)
NO MORE SURPRISES,
RIGHT, JACK?
(Jack)
OF COURSE.
YA LOS TENEMOS.
TELL ME THIS, SHAWN--
HOW ARE WE SUPPOSED TO FIND
CLUES FROM A BELL TOWER
THAT HASN'T BEEN AROUND
FOR OVER 100 YEARS?
THE PRESIDIO WAS HUGE--IT
WOULD'VE TAKEN UP
SEVERAL BLOCKS.
SO WHAT SHOULD WE DO NOW?
THERE'S ONLY ONE THING
WE CAN DO.
GO BACK IN TIME.
THE BELL TOWER
IS CALLING ME!
SHAWN!
COME ON.
SHAWN, WAIT UP!
SHAWN!
[bang]
OH!
THIS IS IT.
THIS IS WHERE
THE BELL TOWER STOOD.
WHAT DO WE DO NOW?
LET'S BUY SOME MUFFLERS.
HE DOESN'T EVEN OWN A CAR.
I BET YOU I END UP
PAYING FOR THIS.
YOU ALL RIGHT?
YEAH.
YEAH, I'LL SURVIVE.
WHAT ARE WE DOING
UP HERE, SHAWN?
I'M NOT SURE YET.
THAT'S PART OF THE FUN,
ISN'T IT?
[clears throat]
WE ARE GOOD TO GO.
THE MANAGER SAID WE CAN TAKE
AS MUCH TIME AS WE NEED.
ALVIN, GOOD GUY.
FILIPINO.
THEY LOVE ME.
AND JACK OFFERED HIM
50% OF THE TREASURE.
I ALSO GAVE HIM
AN '82 PENNY.
IT WAS THE FIRST YEAR THEY USED
ZINC INSTEAD OF COPPER.
OKAY, WHAT IS THE DEAL
WITH YOU AND ALL THESE PENNIES?
(Juliet)
YEAH, I DON'T GET THAT EITHER.
SO JACK COLLECT S THEM
AND THEN LEAVES THEM PLACES?
WHAT'S THAT ABOUT?
JACK WAS ALWAYS
INTERESTED IN HISTORY.
COLLECTING PENNIES WAS HIS WAY
OF BEING A PART OF IT.
(Shawn)
BUT LEAVING THE PENNIES
WAS HIS OWN
PERSONAL PHILOSOPHY.
SEE, UNCLE JACK
ALWAYS SAID...
I LEAVE THE PENNY
BECAUSE IT'S GOOD LUCK,
AND LORD KNOWS THE WORLD
COULD USE MORE GOOD LUCK.
ARE YOU FOR REAL?
(Henry)
ALL RIGHT, SHAWN,
WHAT ARE WE DOING UP HERE?
YOU THINK THAT WHEN BOUCHARD
CAPTURED THE FORT,
HE STOOD UP HERE
ON THE BELL TOWER,
GAZING OUT
INTO THE BIG BLUE OCEAN,
LOOKING FOR A PLACE
TO HIDE THE TREASURE?
(Shawn)
IF I WERE A FRENCH PIRATE
WITH A BAD TEMPER AND AT LEAST
ONE VENEREAL DISEASE,
WHERE WOULD I BE LOOKING?
[sighs]
THAT'S IT.
THAT'S IT, RIGHT THERE.
WE'RE SO CLOSE!
LET'S GO!
HEY!
HOW DID HE FIND US?
HE'S GOT THE MAP.
HE MUST'VE FIGURED IT OUT.
COME ON,
LET'S GO!
[grunts]
[squelchin
AAH! g]
[grunting]
SHAWN!
I CAN'T LEAVE
MY PUMA, SHAWN.
AAH'
(Shawn)
AAH!
I GOT IT.
THIS IS IT.
THIS IS THE BLUFF ON THE MAP.
UNCLE JACK!
I KNOW THIS PROBABLY ISN'T
THE RIGHT TIME TO SAY THIS,
BUT, DUDE,
I THINK WE'RE GONNA GET
TO RIDE IN A HELICOPTER.
YOU'RE OBLIGATED
TO LET ME SPEAK WITH THEM.
I'M NOT OBLIGATED
TO MAKE--.
CHIEF, PERHAPS YOU SHOULD
SEE THIS ONE MORE TIME.
NO, I DON'T NEED TO SEE
THE LETTER ONE MORE TIME.
(Shawn)
JULES, LASSIE,
WHAT'S GOING ON OUT THERE?
WHAT'S THE DEAL
WITH THAT GUY?
HE DIDN'T SAY A WORD TO US
WHEN HE BROUGHT US IN.
HIS NAME
IS ANDRES CANDELARIA.
HE WORKS
FOR THE SPANISH GOVERNMENT.
APPARENTLY HE'S PART
OF SOME INTERGOVERNMENTAL
TASK FORCE
ON STOLEN ANTIQUITIES.
[clears throat]
HELLO, MR. SPENCER.
I BELIEVE YOU KNOW
WHY YOU'RE HERE.
AND I BELIEVE YOU KNOW
I KNOW WHY I'M HERE.
NOW, WHY AM I HERE?
TO HELP US FIND THE TREASURE
THAT RIGHTLY BELONGS
TO MY GOVERNMENT.
BUT WE DIDN'T FIND
ANYTHING.
SI. AND MY MEN HAVE BEEN
SEARCHING THE BLUFFS
ALL NIGHT AS WELL
WITH NO LUCK.
THAT'S BECAUSE YOU STOPPED US
ONE STEP SHORT.
YOUR TREASURE'S NOT
IN THE BLUFFS, CHE.
AY-YI -YI !
THE SPIRITS ARE GUIDING
MY MAN PAW!
IT'S LIKE--IT'S LIKE
THAT MOVIE IDLE HANDS,
EXCEPT WITH NO NUDITY,
WHICH MEANS I MUST BE COMPLETELY
UNWATCHABLE RIGHT NOW.
DO EITHER OF THESE WORDS
MEAN ANYTHING TO ANYONE?
IT COULD BE THE CLUE
WE'RE LOOKING FOR.
CUEVA IS SPANISH
FOR "CAVE."
(Juliet)
COULEUR COULD BE FRENCH.
I THINK IT MEANS "PAINT."
I SPENT A SEMESTER IN PARIS,
GOT SALMONELLA POISONING,
AND LOST 20 POUNDS.
BEST NIGHT EVER.
PAINTED CAVES--
THAT'S IT!
BOUCHARD WAS FRENCH,
BUT HE WAS FASCINATED
WITH THE CHUMASH INDIANS.
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
CHUMASH INDIANS?
WELL, THEY USED TO PAINT CAVES
ALL OVER THE AREA.
WE USED TO ROUST PUNKS IN THERE
FROM DRINKING ALL THE TIME.
"ROUST PUNKS"?
THANK YOU,
JACK LORD.
WE WILL NOW LEAD YOU
TO THE TREASURE.
[marker thuds]
I KNOW THE CAVE.
VERY WELL.
LET'S GO.
STOP.
YOU ARE NOT DOING THIS.
THE ONLY REASON I BROUGHT THESE
MEN HERE IN THE FIRST PLACE
WAS BECAUSE SPENCER
WOULD NOT TALK WITH US
UNLESS HE WAS
IN THE STATION.
OKAY, LOOK, I SAID
WE WOULD COOPERATE WITH YOU,
BUT THEY ARE EMPLOYEES
OF THE SBPD,
AND THEY'RE NOT GOING ANYWHERE
WITHOUT MY DETECT IVES.
CHIEF, WE HAVE BEEN
THROUGH THIS, NO?
THIS IS FROM YOUR
TREASURY DEPARTMENT,
GIVING ME FULL POWER
TO CALL THE SHOTS.
NOW, I THANK YOU
FOR YOUR HELP,
BUT IT WILL NO LONGER
BE NEEDED.
VAMOS.
[sighs]
SORRY.
[grunting]
I CAN'T BELIEVE WE'RE ACTUALLY
DIGGING FOR BURIED TREASURE.
I KNOW, DUDE--AND YOU'RE GETTING
YOUR PANTS TOTALLY DIRTY,
AND YOU DON'T EVEN CARE.
I'M SO PROUD OF YOU.
KEEP DIGGING!
[thud]
H.B.
THAT COULD BE
FOR HIPPOLYTE DE BOUCHARD.
OR HARRY BELAFONTE.
NO.
NO, THAT DOES--
THAT DOESN'T MAKE ANY SENSE.
JUST GET IT OUT!
[both grunting]
[exhales sharply]
[grunts]
(Gus)
OH, MY GOD.
IT'S REAL.
SI.
[coins jingling]
WELL DONE.
BUEN TRABAJO.
YOU SHOULD KNOW
THE SPANISH GOVERNMENT OWES YOU
A GREAT DEBT
OF GRATITUDE.
NOW...
COULD I PLEASE HAVE
THE COINS?
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
BEFORE WE DO THAT...
I SHOULD TELL YOU,
I KNOW THREE THINGS
THAT YOU PROBABLY DON'T KNOW.
UNO...
THE SECRET OF NIMH
AND THE SECRET OF MY SUCCESS...
SAME SECRET.
DOS...
I KNOW THAT YOU
DON'T WORK
FOR THE SPANISH GOVERNMENT.
[laughs]
AND TRES...
TH ESE CAVES ARE ACTUALLY
QUITE SLIPPERY.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!
GRAB THAT, GRAB THAT!
RIGHT THERE!
[shouts in Spanish]
[grunts]
[grunting]
WHAT IS GOING ON?
WHY ARE WE RUNNING?
WHY DID WE LEAVE
THE CAVES?
HEY!
UGH!
SHAWN! SHAWN!
WHAT HAPPENED
TO YOUR OTHER PUMA?
YOU GOT TO BE KIDDING ME!
I LOST ANOTHER SHOE?
COME ON.
THIS WAY!
VAMONOS!
JACK!
YES!
HEY, GUYS.
I TOLD YOU I'D COME BACK.
I'VE BEEN TRACKING YOU
THE WHOLE TIME.
DO YOU, UH--DO YOU HAVE
THE TREASURE?
THIS IS IT.
AAH! HA!
I ALWAYS BELIEVED IN YOU, KID!
I ALWAYS KNEW
YOU WERE SPECIAL!
[shouting in distance]
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
YOU CAN'T COME IN HERE.
WE GOTTA SPLIT UP
FOR SAFETY.
NOW, LISTEN,
THEY'RE NOT GONNA HURT YOU
IF YOU DON'T HAVE THE GOLD.
BELIEVE ME, I KNOW
WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT.
WHAT?
COME ON, LET'S HAVE IT.
REMEMBER THE PLACE ON FOOTHILL
WHERE I USED TO TAKE YOU
WHEN YOU WERE A KID,
GET YOU BURGERS AND SHAKES?
YEAH, IT'S RED ROBIN.
IT'S STILL THERE.
THAT'S THE ONE.
I'LL MEET YOU THERE IN AN HOUR.
[starts car]
I'LL BE THERE.
YEE-HA!
(Mark)
DAMN IT! YOU GAVE HIM THE GOLD,
DIDN'T YOU?
HEY, THAT'S MY GOLD!
WHO THE HELL ARE YOU?
IF THERE WERE DOVES
FLYING AROUND,
WE'D BE
IN A JOHN WOO MOVIE.
(Mark)
SON OF A BITCH!
I'M GOING
TO KILL JACK!
WHAT?
YOU KNOW JACK?
HE WAS MY PARTNER.
UH, TECHNICALLY,
IRON GIANT GUY,
HE WAS ALL
OF OUR PARTNERS.
AND THE GUY WHO ANSWERS
THE PHONE AT FU'S PALACE.
(Gus)
AND THE GUY
AT THE MUFFLER SHOP.
GOOD CATCH, GUS.
LOOK, FELLAS, WE'RE JUST
GONNA ROLL ON OUT
IF THAT'S COOL,
LET YOU SETTLE
YOUR BUSINESS HERE.
NOT SO FAST.
WHY DON'T WE JUST TAKE
THE NEPHEW HERE
AND RANSOM HIS ASS
FOR THE GOLD?
WE HAVE
NO OTHER CHOICE.
NO, NO, NO, NO. NO.
YOU--YOU ALWAYS HAVE A CHOICE.
YOU COULD RANSOM
GUS'S ASS.
YOU COULD SWIRL IT UP.
YOU COULD RANSOM HALF MY ASS
AND HALF HIS ASS.
[sirens blaring]
DROP IT!
HANDS IN THE AIR!
[chatter over police radio]
SHAWN, YOU KNOW
I DON'T CURSE VERY OFTEN.
SO WHEN I DO,
YOU KNOW I MEAN IT.
WHAT THE HELL
JUST HAPPENED?
I THOUGHT YOU WEREN'T A BIG FAN
OF THE WRAP-UP.
ALL RIGHT,
I'LL GIVE IT TO YOU.
SO, BACK AT THE STATION,
I REALIZE ANDRES' ACCENT
ISN'T SPANISH.
IT'S ARGENTINEAN.
AND THAT'S WHERE UNCLE JACK
JUST GOT BACK FROM,
SO I FIGURE HE'S ONE
OF JACK'S PARTNERS.
HOW DID YOU KNOW THAT?
YOU WORKED AT THAT WINERY
IN ARGENTINA FOR A YEAR.
I KEPT THE POSTCARDS.
YOU DID?
I USE 'EM
AS BEER COASTERS.
OKAY, SHAWN, WH--
SO THAT'S WHY
I CALLED ANDRES CHE,
TO SEE IF HE'D REACT,
WHICH HE DID,
BECAUSE IN ARGENTINA, CHE
IS SLANG FOR "BUDDY" OR "PAL,"
SORT OF LIKE I CALL YOU
"BLACK STAR"
OR "HOME SKILLET"
OR "BIG BABY BURTON."
DON'T EVER CALL ME
"HOME SKILLET."
RIGHT.
BUT WHY DIDN'T YOU
TELL ANYBODY?
I DID.
SHE KNEW JUST WHAT
TO DO WITH IT.
OOH, SORRY, JULES.
(Henry)
DOESN'T MATTER
WHAT HAPPENED.
THE IMPORTANT THING
IS YOU GUYS ARE SAFE,
AND NOBODY GOT HURT.
NOW, LET'S GET OUT OF HERE.
I-I'M TOO OLD
TO BE STAYING UP ALL NIGHT.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
I LOST MY OTHER SHOE.
DUDE, I WILL BUY YOU
ANOTHER PAIR.
JUST TELL ME YOU DIDN'T REALLY
DROP 200 BONES ON SNEAKERS.
NO, SHAWN.
I WAS MAKING A POINT.
HOW MUCH
WERE THEY REALLY?
80 BUCKS.
AND I HAVE $32 LEFT
ON MY FOOT LOCKER GIFT CARD.
SO WHAT AM I LOOKING AT,
LIKE 30 BUCKS?
48.
I'M IN FOR HALF.
WE'LL GET SOME JERK CHICKEN
ON THEFINAEY HOME.
[customers Chatting]
(Henry)
HEY.
AHH.
STRAWBERRY, HUH?
OH, YOU GOT
TO TASTE IT.
I'D STILL GO VANILLA,
BUT IT'S GOOD.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
THAT IS THE BEST SHAKE
ON THE PLANET.
ONE PART ICE CREAM,
TWO PARTS AWESOME.
IT'S BEEN A LONG TIME
SINCE YOU CALLED ME FOR A RIDE.
YEAH, WELL,
GUS GOT TIRED
OF WAITING FOR SOMEONE
WHO WASN'T GONNA SHOW.
ALL RIGHT, LOOK, SHAWN,
HERE'S THE THING
ABOUT YOUR UNCLE JACKIE.
HE'LL ALWAYS COME BACK.
YOU'RE NOT THE FIRST
TO GET DUPED.
YOU CERTAINLY
WON'T BE THE LAST.
WELCOME TO THE CLUB, KID.
I GUESS I PROBABLY
OWE YOU AN APOLOGY.
I CAN SEE NOW
WHERE UNCLE JACK
MIGHT NOT HAVE BEEN
THE BEST ROLE MODEL.
YEAH, MAYBE NOT.
WHY DIDN'T YOU SAY ANYTHING
WHEN I WAS A KID?
BECAUSE I ALWAYS
WANTED YOU
TO HAVE THE--THE FUN UNCLE
IN YOUR LIFE.
I WAS ONLY HARD ON YOU
BECAUSE I DIDN'T WANT
YOUR LIFE
TO TURN OUT
LIKE THE FUN UNCLE.
WELL, IT DIDN'T...
NOT TOTALLY.
HERE YOU GO.
THAN KS.
YOU KNOW
THE PENNY THING?
YOUR GRANDPA
TAUGHT ME THAT,
AND THEN I TAUGHT IT TO JACK
WHEN WE WERE KIDS.
HE JUST TOOK IT
TO ANOTHER WHOLE LEVEL.
YEAH, HE, UH,
HE SEEMS TO DO THAT A LOT.
I STILL CAN'T BELIEVE
THAT HE GOT AWAY
WITH THE GOLD.
I--YOU GOT TO THINK
THAT SOMEDAY
ALL THIS STUFF IS GONNA
CATCH UP WITH HIM, HUH?
YEAH.
AND THAT DAY
MIGHT JUST BE TODAY.
DOES GUS KNOW
ABOUT THIS?
OH, YEAH.
HE'S GOT THE REST OF IT.
DON'T WORRY, WE'RE DONATING IT
TO THE MUSEUM.
ALL OF IT?
IIISH I ll
UH, WHA--
I SAW JACK FOLLOWING US.
I KNEW HE WAS GONNA SHOW UP
IN THE CAR.
I MADE THE SWITCH WHEN WE WERE
RUNNING THROUGH THE FOREST.
SO WHAT DOES JACK HAVE?
[Jack laughs]
WELL DONE, SHAWNIE.
[laughing]
OH, WELL DONE.
Captioning by CaptionMax
www.captionmax.com